PoS review fixes (#677)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/pos/how-to/bridging/ethereum-polygon/ethereum-to-matic.md

comments: true
---

!!! warning "Work in progress!"

>     This doc is currently undergoing revision, and the instructions provided may not be accurate. Stay tuned for updates!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This doc is currently undergoing revision, and the instructions provided may not be up to date. Stay tuned for updates!
```
